Diva
This time is different
If you can help our Su family get through this difficult time
Then you are the great benefactor of our Su family
Isn't it that our Zhang family doesn't want to help with this?
It's 20 million in cash
It's really not a decimal sum.
Our Zhang family really can't take it out.
If you quit, even if you borrow it from relatives and friends
How can I borrow so much in a while?
This god is going to wrong my Su family
But I have an idea.
You can quickly help our Su family get here.
What can we do for a loan?
Oh no no no
What about the loan?
We've already tried
Sujia is on the cusp of a trend
Your bank, you don't take us
I have a way to do this.
My second uncle is a senior executive in the credit department of a bank with a relative
He can lend you money.
I mean it.
But my uncle has one condition
You need to discuss it with your elders.
What conditions?
He needs your Su family
Use Nanshanping's natural gas as collateral?